.\" Copyright (c) 1995 by Ralf Baechle (ralf@waldorf-gmbh.de)
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH SYSCALL 2 "28 November 95" "Linux" "System calls"
.SH NAME
syscall \- indirect syscall
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <sys/syscall.h>
.sp
.BI "int syscall(unsigned int " syscallnr ", ...);"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B syscall
does an indirect syscall.  The parameter
.B syscallnr
is the number of the syscall.  The other optional parameters are the
ones of the attempted syscall.
.B syscallnr
may no be SYS_syscall.
.PP
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.B syscall
returns a return value as if the syscall indicated by
.B syscall
would have been called directly. If errors are detected, errno will indicate
the error.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B ENOSYS
syscallnr has no legal value or the syscall indicated by syscallnr is not
supported by the system.
.PP
For other values of errno see the documentation of the syscall indicated by
syscallnr.
.SH BUGS
Syscall(2) hasn't yet been tested.
.SH NOTE
This system call is only available on MIPS based systems.  The other Linux
systems implement syscall(2) as library function in libc.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Manpage of the syscall indicated by syscallnr.
