.\" Copyright 1996 by Ralf Baechle (ralf@uni-koblenz.de)
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH HARDWARE 8 "29 May 96" "Linux" "Supported hardware"

.SH ABSTRACT
This file contains information about the status of hardware support
of the various ports of Linux/MIPS.

.TP
.B "Acer PICA 61"
	Supported; the onboard S3 graphics is fully supported in the
	text mode as well as the parallel port and the floppy (buggy).  There
	are no drivers available yet for the onboard Ethernet interface and
	SCSI controller.  However 35c03 Ethernet cards are working in PIO mode
	after disabeling the shared memory detection code, IDE harddisk and
	CD ROM have been successfully tested as well as NE2000 Ethernet cards
	and the DPT PM2041W ISA SCSI hostadapter (drivers EATA-DMA and
	EATA-PIO).  In general all drivers that do PIO via ports are supposed
	to work.
.TP
.B "Mips Magnum 4000"
	Same status as Acer PICA 61; additionally the serial interface is
	supported.  The current console driver for the standard G364 video
	is however just a quick hack of \"better than nothing\" quality,
	very unreliable and causes many crashes.  It's as well very slow.
	A replacement driver is in development.
.TP
.B "Olivetti M700"
	Same status like Mips Magnum but the serial interface isn't
	supported yet due to a smell, not yet know hardware difference
	(different crystal clock for the serial interface) to the Magnum.
.TP
.B "Mips Magnum 3000"
	This port hasn't been started yet but demand is relativly high.
	So chances for this are still good.

.TP
.B "SNI RM 200"
	Current status is that the ARC bootloader Milo is now also working
	on the unusually bahaving SNI ARC BIOS 4.05 (which is supposed to
	be the current version as of this writing); the kernel itself
	supports the builtin VGA card and floppy controller. It boots via
	an ISA NE2000 card from NFS; ISA DPT hostadapters have also
	successfully been tested.  Other SNI hardware isn't supported yet.

.TP
.B "Deskstation Tyne"
	This R4600 based machine was the original targets for
.IR "Linux/MIPS" ;
	the port has stalled due to a defective motherboard.  The code
	hasn't been tested for over a year; if it's working at all only
	console and PIO via ports based drivers are working.

.TP
.B "Deskstation rPC44"
	(Warner could you please write something apropriate here?)

.TP
.B "SGI"
	There is currently no port to SGI hardware; a port is about to
	start.  Due to the resources SGI is willing to invest in this
	project this port will probably advance rather fast and help to
	improve Linux/MIPS in general so stay tuned.  According to SGI
	also support of SMP machines is planned.

.TP
.B "DECstation"
	This port is currently experimental; it involves not only the
	port to a new, not PC-like hardware but also to the R3000
	CPU.
	Current status is that the kernel initializes and reaches the
	BogoMIPS (TM) performance test where it locks up.
.SH NOTES
	I urge all the developers to send me updates to this file as soon
	new configurations have been tested.
.SH BUGS
	Like every documentation this file is determined to be outdated.
